aMC@NLO in MadGraph 5 v2.0

http://madgraph.phys.ucl.ac.be/
http://amcatnlo.cern.ch/

Information on the process to be generated is found in the file
index.html in this directory, which should be viewed using your web
browser. 

The executables you need to run are contained in the bin/ directory

The bin/aMCatNLO executables open a MadGraph5-like shell, from which
you can exec different commands (some of which are also covered by
the other executables)

compile
-------------------
Just Compile the code, also running some sanity tests, like testing 
the behaviour of the real emission matrix-element and counterterms in 
the sngular (soft/collinear) region, and testing that the IR poles
of virtual origin cancel with those from real radiation

generate_events
-------------------
Run event generation at NLO, using the MC@NLO prescription for the 
generation of unweighted events that can be passed to a parton-shower.
Event genration is done in three steps: in the first step, the grid 
for the integration is set. In the second step, while computing the 
cross-section, the envelope for the unweighting is computed.
Finally, in the third step, events are generated.
If no extra options are given, the (parton-level) .lhe file is passed
to the parton-shower MonteCarlo, generating a file either in StdHEP 
(for Herwig6 and Pythia6) or in HEPMC format (for Herwig++).
The parton shower MonteCarlo and the desired number of events have 
to be specified in the run_card.dat (You will be prompted to edit it
just after typing the command). Note that, because of the way MC@NLO 
generates events, any event sample can be showered only with the 
parton shower it has been generated for. Otherwise you will obtain
unphisical/wrong results. For the same reason, also plots obtained 
using the parton-level events in the .lhe file (without showering them)
are unphysical.
In order to have the shower working, you need to have the 
MCatNLO-utilities package installed. You can install it (before or 
after the code generation) by typing "install MCatNLO-utilities" in the
MadGraph5 interface. Otherwise the shower will be skipped (same as with
the -p/--parton option).
If you want to first generate a smaller sample of events, and then a
larger one with the same cuts/parameters, you can skip the grid-setting/
integration phases in the second run (which may be time consuming).
To do this, when running for the second time, just use the -o/
--only-generation option (possibly also -n/--nocompile)

shower RUN
Generate showered events in StdHEP/HEPMC format (see above), for the 
parton-level .lhe event file contained corresponding to run RUN 
(the event file is Events/RUN/events.lhe.gz).
All informations (parton-shower to be used, number of events contained
in the file, etc...) are directly read from the file header. You need
to have the MCatNLO-utilities installed (see above)

calculate_crossx
Calcualte the cross-section at NLO. This command does not generate 
any event file. If you want to generate parton-level plots, you
have to manually edit the SubProcesses/madfks_plot.f file before running
this command


